OCPBUG 23406: Updated note regarding cert-manager operator about namespaces (#87237)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-install.adoc

toc::[]

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The {cert-manager-operator} version 1.15 or later only supports the `AllNamespaces` installation mode. Earlier versions, such as 1.14, only support the `SingleNamespace` install mode.

Reviewer: It should be something like this, or with an equivalent meaning:
```suggestion
The {cert-manager-operator} version 1.15 or later supports the `AllNamespaces`, `SingleNamespace` and `OwnNamespace` installation mode. Earlier versions, such as 1.14, support only the `SingleNamespace` and `OwnNamespace` installation modes.
```

> The {cert-manager-operator} version 1.15 or later supports the `AllNamespaces`, `SingleNamespace` and `OwnNamespace` installation mode. Earlier versions, such as 1.14, support only the `SingleNamespace` and `OwnNamespace` installation modes.

Reviewer 2: Needs an Oxford comma per the [ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-commas#commas-between-items-in-a-series):
```suggestion
The {cert-manager-operator} version 1.15 or later supports the `AllNamespaces`, `SingleNamespace`, and `OwnNamespace` installation mode. Earlier versions, such as 1.14, support only the `SingleNamespace` and `OwnNamespace` installation modes.
```
